This is test sentences.
This is a story of the lure of duck hunting that began many years ago for two Newfoundlanders, husband George, his brother Aubrey, and myself, born in Halifax, Nova Scotia.

It began when we discovered duck hunting at Presqu’ile Provincial Park on Lake Ontario, an hour’s drive east of Toronto.

While the park is a mecca for bird watchers, and home to waterfowl and shorebirds, come Waterfowl hunting season, a designated area is reserved for waterfowl hunting; yet the remainder of the park is open to campers with other pursuits. Under strictly supervised regulations, hunters enjoy a day’s hunt from 25 well-constructed and strategically located blinds provided by the park.

However, this year was special for the reason that this was the 50th consecutive year of “opening day” duck hunts at Preque’ile for the Tuckers.

To celebrate the occasion there was an announcement, made before the permits for the blinds were issues, recognizing the 50 consecutive years of duck hunting at Presqu’ile by the Tuckers. Among the hunters who had lined up for the day's hunt was Chad Tuck, great nephew of George and Aubrey, making sure the family tradition of hunting is passed on.

While I did actively “hunt” during the earlier years, my continuing dedication was in keeping records of each hunt. After 50 years we can now relive the memories. They are as varied as they are noteworthy. Details that were always recorded were dates, blind choice, wind direction and weather. Also recorded were the number of ducks and geese bagged, their individual species, and the length of time spent in the blinds.

Besides the statistics, you would find brief stories of our ventures including both the successful and the occasions that left us wishing for more.

Of course we recall the joys of having Golden Retrievers to retrieve the ducks. We note with pride that Pal, Chips, and Cassie all retrieved birds before their first birthdays. Our current retriever, Katie, is quick to show her love of the water; her first water retrieve was a Canada goose.

But hunting is not only retrieving game, but all that it encompasses. There are many stories told after the hunt that become memories, lingering long after the last shot is fired. Years later, we still recall our “hits and misses” and the friendships we made along the way.
